- Name: Samay Varshney
- Roll Number: 180101097
- CS348 Assignment02

# I have used 2 different assembly programs as test cases: assembly_program1.txt and assembly_program2.txt

# LABEL = 10 character field, OPCODE = 10 character field, OPERAND = 30 character field in the file assembly_program1.txt and assembly_program2.txt 

# All the programs should be compiled and executed in LINUX g++ environment 

- opcode_table.txt contains the operation codes used by the program.
- 180101097_Assign02_Functions.h is the header file containing additional functions used by the program files. 

# Instructions for running the code:
	
	- First run SICXE_Pass1.cpp using the below command. It will generate intermediate.txt, symbol_table.txt. 
	- <number> is the command line argument. If <number> = 1, assembly_program1.txt will be used while if <number> = 2, assembly_program2.txt will be used as input assembly program. Here <number> should be either 1 or 2.
	
		g++ -o SICXE_Pass1 180101097_Assign02_SICXE_Pass1.cpp 
		./SICXE_Pass1 <number>

	- Then run SICXE_Pass2.cpp using the below command. It will generate object.txt.
	
		g++ -o SICXE_Pass2 180101097_Assign02_SICXE_Pass2.cpp 
    	./SICXE_Pass2

    - Then run Loader_Pass1.cpp using the below command. It will generate estab.txt.
    - It will ask for the program starting address in the command line argument. Here <address> is the starting address for our program. 
    - Enter values like 1000 in the <address> in hexadecimal.

    	g++ -o Loader_Pass1 180101097_Assign02_Loader_Pass1.cpp 
		./Loader_Pass1 <address>

	- Then run Loader_Pass2.cpp using the below command. It will generate output.txt.

		g++ -o Loader_Pass2 180101097_Assign02_Loader_Pass2.cpp 
		./Loader_Pass2 

- intermediate.txt will contain the intermediate code of SICXE Pass1.

- symbol_table.txt will contain all the label symbols along with their addresses and whether they are relative ('R') or absolute ('A').

- object.txt will contain the object code generated by SICXE Pass2.

- estab.txt will contain the estab table for each control section. Values not present are marked as "*****". 

- output.txt will contain the memory locations from starting address to ending address which the program uses. The memory locations not written by the program are treated as '.' 
